Release23.24 (#1263)
elasticio/elasticio.github.io: content/_releases/23/24.md

---
title: Product Update - v23.24
description: Details of the product update v23.24 from 16th of June 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.24"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-06-16
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.24.html
---

## New Features

### The `Runlog` has been removed from `Dashboard` page

> As a part of the platform optimisation and extending of its capability to withstand a high load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a part of our ongoing platform optimisation and extending its capability to withstand a high load, we have
```

> For this reason, we removed the Runlog and use a new "Containers" page that will display related information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removed the Runlog and implemented a new "Containers" page that will display related information. This change does not reduce the amount of logging information available to you. Instead it increases the information available for error handling and debugging while increasing the efficiency of the platform. 
```
